README.md, before:

# Nacho - Maximum Performance Computing Runtime

Production-grade high-performance computing runtime for the web.

## Overview

Nacho is a production system that achieves maximum performance within browser constraints:

- **10-50 TeraFLOPS** GPU compute (hardware dependent)
- **50-70% native speed** via advanced JIT compilation
- **<500ms boot time** with OPFS caching
- **60-120 FPS** rendering
- **Binary execution** for PE (EXE) and DEX (APK) files

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│           Nacho Production API              │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
           │                 │                │
           ▼                 ▼                ▼
    ┌──────────┐      ┌──────────┐    ┌──────────┐
    │   JIT    │      │   GPU    │    │  Binary  │
    │ Compiler │      │ Runtime  │    │ Executor │
    └──────────┘      └──────────┘    └──────────┘
           │                 │                │
           └─────────────────┴────────────────┘
                        │
                        ▼
              ┌──────────────────┐
              │  Nacho  Runtime  │
              └──────────────────┘
```

## Quick Start

```typescript
import { startNacho } from './lib/nacho/nacho-api';

// Initialize and boot
const canvas = document.getElementById('canvas') as HTMLCanvasElement;
const container = document.getElementById('container') as HTMLElement;

const nacho = await startNacho(canvas, container, 'windows');

// Execute binary
const binaryData = await fetch('app.exe').then(r => r.arrayBuffer());
const exitCode = await nacho.executeBinary(binaryData);

// Get performance stats
const gpuStats = nacho.getGPUStats();
console.log(`GPU: ${gpuStats.teraFLOPS.toFixed(2)} TeraFLOPS`);

// Shutdown
await nacho.shutdown();
```

## API Reference

### Core API

#### `startNacho(canvas, container, osType)`
Initialize and boot Nacho runtime.

- `canvas`: HTMLCanvasElement for rendering
- `container`: HTMLElement for UI
- `osType`: 'windows' | 'android'

Returns: `Promise<Nacho>`

#### `nacho.executeBinary(binaryData)`
Execute PE (EXE) or DEX (APK) binary.

- `binaryData`: ArrayBuffer containing binary data

Returns: `Promise<number>` (exit code)

#### `nacho.getStatus()`
Get current runtime status.

Returns: `NachoStatus`

#### `nacho.getGPUStats()`
Get GPU performance statistics.

Returns: GPU stats object with teraFLOPS and utilization

#### `nacho.getJITStats()`
Get JIT compiler statistics.

Returns: JIT stats object

#### `nacho.printReport()`
Print comprehensive performance report to console.

#### `nacho.shutdown()`
Shutdown runtime and cleanup resources.

Returns: `Promise<void>`

## Performance

### Realistic Expectations

| Component | Target | Notes |
|-----------|--------|-------|
| GPU Compute | 10-50 TFLOPS | Depends on user's GPU hardware |
| JIT Speed | 50-70% native | Best achievable with advanced techniques |
| Boot Time | <500ms | With OPFS caching |
| Frame Rate | 60-120 FPS | Display-limited |

### What IS Possible

- Maximum GPU utilization via WebGPU
- Advanced JIT compilation with optimization passes
- Binary rewriting and execution
- Fast boot with aggressive caching
- Smooth 120Hz rendering

### What IS NOT Possible

- Actual exascale compute (requires data center hardware)
- 100% native binary speed (browser sandbox overhead)
- Direct hardware access (security sandboxed)
- Bypassing browser APIs (WebGPU/WASM are the lowest level)

## Components

### JIT Compiler
Advanced tiered JIT compiler:
- Interpreter → Baseline → Optimizing tiers
- Profile-guided optimization
- Inlining, loop unrolling, DCE, CSE
- Register allocation
- Target: 50-70% native speed

### GPU Runtime
Maximum GPU utilization:
- Persistent compute kernels
- Zero-copy memory architecture
- Multi-queue execution
- Automatic workload balancing
- Target: 10-50 TeraFLOPS

### Binary Executor
Execute real binaries:
- PE (Windows EXE/DLL) support
- DEX (Android APK) support
- Binary rewriting for API interception
- System call translation
- Memory virtualization

### Runtime
Complete OS environment:
- Windows 11 desktop
- Android 14 launcher
- Application execution
- File system (OPFS)
- Fast boot (<500ms)

## Browser Requirements

- Chrome 113+ or Edge 113+ (WebGPU support)
- HTTPS or localhost (SharedArrayBuffer)
- Modern GPU with compute support

## License

[Your License Here]

## Production Use

This is a production-grade system designed for:
- High-performance computing in the browser
- Binary execution environments
- OS virtualization
- GPU-accelerated applications

**Note**: Performance is constrained by browser APIs. For native performance, use native applications.

Commit message:

Add community documentation and Discord integration
- Created a new COMMUNITY.md file outlining community guidelines, support channels, and contribution opportunities.
- Updated README.md to include a Discord badge and a call to join the community.
- Introduced a DiscordButton component for easy access to the Discord server, enhancing user engagement.
- Integrated the DiscordButton into the app layout for improved visibility.

README.md, after:

# Nacho - Maximum Performance Computing Runtime

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/YOUR_SERVER_ID?color=5865F2&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/ADauzE32J7)

> 💬 Join our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/ADauzE32J7) for bugs, suggestions, or just chatting!

Production-grade high-performance computing runtime for the web.

## Overview

Nacho is a production system that achieves maximum performance within browser constraints:

- **10-50 TeraFLOPS** GPU compute (hardware dependent)
- **50-70% native speed** via advanced JIT compilation
- **<500ms boot time** with OPFS caching
- **60-120 FPS** rendering
- **Binary execution** for PE (EXE) and DEX (APK) files

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│           Nacho Production API              │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
           │                 │                │
           ▼                 ▼                ▼
    ┌──────────┐      ┌──────────┐    ┌──────────┐
    │   JIT    │      │   GPU    │    │  Binary  │
    │ Compiler │      │ Runtime  │    │ Executor │
    └──────────┘      └──────────┘    └──────────┘
           │                 │                │
           └─────────────────┴────────────────┘
                        │
                        ▼
              ┌──────────────────┐
              │  Nacho  Runtime  │
              └──────────────────┘
```

## Quick Start

```typescript
import { startNacho } from './lib/nacho/nacho-api';

// Initialize and boot
const canvas = document.getElementById('canvas') as HTMLCanvasElement;
const container = document.getElementById('container') as HTMLElement;

const nacho = await startNacho(canvas, container, 'windows');

// Execute binary
const binaryData = await fetch('app.exe').then(r => r.arrayBuffer());
const exitCode = await nacho.executeBinary(binaryData);

// Get performance stats
const gpuStats = nacho.getGPUStats();
console.log(`GPU: ${gpuStats.teraFLOPS.toFixed(2)} TeraFLOPS`);

// Shutdown
await nacho.shutdown();
```

## API Reference

### Core API

#### `startNacho(canvas, container, osType)`
Initialize and boot Nacho runtime.

- `canvas`: HTMLCanvasElement for rendering
- `container`: HTMLElement for UI
- `osType`: 'windows' | 'android'

Returns: `Promise<Nacho>`

#### `nacho.executeBinary(binaryData)`
Execute PE (EXE) or DEX (APK) binary.

- `binaryData`: ArrayBuffer containing binary data

Returns: `Promise<number>` (exit code)

#### `nacho.getStatus()`
Get current runtime status.

Returns: `NachoStatus`

#### `nacho.getGPUStats()`
Get GPU performance statistics.

Returns: GPU stats object with teraFLOPS and utilization

#### `nacho.getJITStats()`
Get JIT compiler statistics.

Returns: JIT stats object

#### `nacho.printReport()`
Print comprehensive performance report to console.

#### `nacho.shutdown()`
Shutdown runtime and cleanup resources.

Returns: `Promise<void>`

## Performance

### Realistic Expectations

| Component | Target | Notes |
|-----------|--------|-------|
| GPU Compute | 10-50 TFLOPS | Depends on user's GPU hardware |
| JIT Speed | 50-70% native | Best achievable with advanced techniques |
| Boot Time | <500ms | With OPFS caching |
| Frame Rate | 60-120 FPS | Display-limited |

### What IS Possible

- Maximum GPU utilization via WebGPU
- Advanced JIT compilation with optimization passes
- Binary rewriting and execution
- Fast boot with aggressive caching
- Smooth 120Hz rendering

### What IS NOT Possible

- Actual exascale compute (requires data center hardware)
- 100% native binary speed (browser sandbox overhead)
- Direct hardware access (security sandboxed)
- Bypassing browser APIs (WebGPU/WASM are the lowest level)

## Components

### JIT Compiler
Advanced tiered JIT compiler:
- Interpreter → Baseline → Optimizing tiers
- Profile-guided optimization
- Inlining, loop unrolling, DCE, CSE
- Register allocation
- Target: 50-70% native speed

### GPU Runtime
Maximum GPU utilization:
- Persistent compute kernels
- Zero-copy memory architecture
- Multi-queue execution
- Automatic workload balancing
- Target: 10-50 TeraFLOPS

### Binary Executor
Execute real binaries:
- PE (Windows EXE/DLL) support
- DEX (Android APK) support
- Binary rewriting for API interception
- System call translation
- Memory virtualization

### Runtime
Complete OS environment:
- Windows 11 desktop
- Android 14 launcher
- Application execution
- File system (OPFS)
- Fast boot (<500ms)

## Browser Requirements

- Chrome 113+ or Edge 113+ (WebGPU support)
- HTTPS or localhost (SharedArrayBuffer)
- Modern GPU with compute support

## License

[Your License Here]

## Production Use

This is a production-grade system designed for:
- High-performance computing in the browser
- Binary execution environments
- OS virtualization
- GPU-accelerated applications

**Note**: Performance is constrained by browser APIs. For native performance, use native applications.
